fix: modify button and input styles on storybook (#84)
ithaka/pharos: .changeset/silly-hairs-explain.md

---
'@ithaka/pharos': patch
---

> - Pharos button added to checkbox group. combobox, radio group and select in storybook
> - width modified for combobox and select in storybook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modify button and input styles in Storybook:

* add `<pharos-button> to checkbox group, combobox, radio group and select stories
* modify width for combobox and select in Storybook
```
We use the [imperative mood](https://grammar.collinsdictionary.com/us/easy-learning/the-imperative) for our changelog entries

---
'@ithaka/pharos': patch
---

modify button and input styles in Storybook:

> * add `<pharos-button> to checkbox group, combobox, radio group and select stories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add `<pharos-button>` to checkbox group, combobox, radio group and select stories
```

Reviewer: Gave an incorrect suggestion 😅
